hey guys welcome to my channel today's
video is actually a response to a
question that I got in the comments of
one of my other videos if you guys have
any questions about Facebook ads leave
them in the comments below I am doing
video responses for every single one of
your Facebook ads questions and today's
question is from Mari Wilkinson who
asked how do I access facebook ads
manager this is a great question because
honestly if you're not in facebook ads
managers everyday Facebook does not make
it super easy for you to get to but this
video is gonna show you how to do
exactly that the first thing you're
gonna do is go to Facebook and once
you're at Facebook you're gonna go to
your facebook business page and yes you
do need a facebook business page to
access a Facebook Ads manager account
but the good news is is that if you've
already created your facebook business
page then your Facebook Ads manager page
was already created for you
once you're at your Facebook page you're
gonna see a little section up here
called ad center go ahead and click that
once you're in ad center go ahead and
click all ads and you're gonna see a
little link down here to go to ads
manager in there that's how you get to
ads manager Mari thank you so much for
asking me a question um in seriously
guys if you have any questions big or
small
about Facebook ads be sure to ask me and
I will make a video reply just like this
for your question okay guys thanks so
much bye